use LISA frame rather than SSB frame in LISA PE doc (#4164)
gwastro/pycbc: docs/inference/examples/lisa_smbhb.rst

you need to install `BBHx <https://github.com/mikekatz04/BBHx>`_ and `the corresponding PyCBC waveform plugin <https://github.com/ConWea/BBHX-waveform-model>`_, 
please click the corresponding link to see the detailed description of the installation.

First, we create the following configuration file, here we just set chirp mass, mass ratio and tc as variable parameters, 

> `tc`, `eclipticlongitude`, `eclipticlatitude` and `polarization` are in the LISA frame rather than the SSB frame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tc`, `eclipticlongitude`, `eclipticlatitude` and `polarization` are defined in the LISA frame:
```
